looking at the charm like my seat late
on the way to the back in the heat later
right right right
hunger back mr. sound um get their sound
of 100 round drum like a marching band
I'm a stand-up guy
I'm gonna wave my hand until I get the
attention of the President
pussy Presidential Suite landing landing
nothing but money where the duck skin
bitch laying on the side of me reminds
me you bust please remind me to fucker
half of this freestyle honey Kerry Nick
I'm the golden chair for metal Jackie
she gonna pass
blow your brains out let it hang down
let the neighbors talk about it then
skip trial
Wow I'm amazed about how your Knicks
nothing but you marry to the game main
tip of a shout I fuckin I'm gonna watch
you the winning football just gonna run
amuck now I'm on some other shit we
known the same page doing sticking to
the script that a hundred round lipstick
to your lip like Carmex eww wit fuck you
tire you leave your car flat blunder I
don't give a fuck but none of that
Holly y'all can get it oh boy you
smarter breast train a day I teach you
niggas not a rap I rep like I got shoes
on my back nigga give it I never walk in
the booth without the Holy Spirit I
don't write it off the top like the
psychic I kick lyrics like jet Li which
produce money to put your boy
like okay so how's your songwriting
process will you go into the studio you
know do you